[LangRef] Clarify the behavior of select with FP poison-generating flags (#137131)
llvm/llvm-project: llvm/docs/LangRef.rst

   :ref:`fast-math flags <fastmath>`. These are optimization hints to enable
   otherwise unsafe floating-point optimizations. Fast-math flags are only valid
   for selects that return :ref:`supported floating-point types

>    <fastmath_return_types>`. Note that the violation of poison-generating flags on

Reviewer: The phrase "the violation of poison-generating flags" here is unclear.

```suggestion
   <fastmath_return_types>`. Note that the presence of value which would otherwise result in poison does not cause the result to be poison if the value is on the non-selected arm.
```

>    non-selected arm may not result in :ref:`poison <poisonvalues>` return value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   the non-selected arm does not result in a :ref:`poison <poisonvalues>` return value.
```

>    For simplicity, if :ref:`fast-math flags <fastmath>` are present, they are only

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If :ref:`fast-math flags <fastmath>` are present, they are only
```

If the condition is an i1 and the value arguments are vectors of the
same size, then an entire vector is selected.

> Note that violations of poison-generating flags for both arms may not result in poison return values.

Reviewer 2: I don't understand this sentence. If we violate poison-generating flags for *both* arms the result will always be poison, right?

> For simplicity, if :ref:`fast-math flags <fastmath>` are present, they are only applied to the result, not both arms.

Reviewer 2: The arguments section already talks about FMF, so it may make sense to add the note there.

I also wonder whether we should specify that the non-value FMF flags (reassoc etc) don't have an effect on select. Or at least, I don't know what they can mean. But this is a separate question...

.. code-block:: llvm

      %X = select i1 true, i8 17, i8 42                   ; yields i8:17

>       %Y = select nnan i1 true, float 0.0, float NaN      ; yields float:0.0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      %Y = select nnan i1 true, float 0.0, float NaN      ; yields float:0.0
      %Z = select nnan i1 false, float 0.0, float NaN     ; yields float:poison
```
